And I think if you sort of try to
shoehorn an AI into these like tiny
little boxes and then you add, you know,
kind of this code layer around it,
you're sort of missing the point of what
can be done with AI today. I think if
you build, you know, for the ability for
these AI agents to take any standard
operating procedure and be able to run
that process end to end, that's the
direction that we're sort of taking at
at pace.
On this episode of Training Data, we sit
down with Jamie Cuff, the founder and
CEO of Pace to explore how AI agents are
quietly revolutionizing insurance and
what that means for the future of work
in high complexity, highly regulated
environments. Jamie shares why the real
breakthrough isn't just automating
tasks, but architecting AI to handle
nuanced endto-end processes previously
thought to require a human touch and
human judgment. We dive into building
trust with some of the biggest and
oldest companies in the world, why
forward deployed engineers are becoming
a secret weapon for AI companies, and
how AI replacing BPOS could
fundamentally rewire entire sectors of
the economy. Enjoy the show.
>> Jamie, thank you for joining us.
>> Thanks for having me. It's great to be
here. um we would love to dig right into
what you're building. I'm curious, you
started a company last year. What are
you building and why?
>> Yeah, so PACE is the agentic process
outsourcer for insurance. Um and what
that means is you know we have seen over
the last you know couple of decades big
shift from onshore to BO work and our
thesis is that over the next decade
we're going to see a big shift from
outsourcing to outsourcing to AI and so
we focus exclusively on insurance
carriers helping them to automate a lot
of the critical back office operations
that traditionally are being outsourced
to BPOS.
>> Can I ask about the path that brought
you here? So top your class at
Princeton, investor at Sequoia, rising
star at Retool, insurance BPOS.
Not obvious that that would have been
the next step on the journey. Can you
explain kind of how you got there?
>> You know, it's a secured path. And
what's what's funny is I actually
started there. So I I grew up around
insurance my whole life. I was I born in
London, grew up between New York,
London, and Bermuda, which are kind of
all the the capitals of insurance. And
the through line there is um my dad
actually ran operations for a reinsurer
and then a Lloyd's cover holder in
London. And so I kind of always knew
about this problem. Um but you know
starting my company out of out of
college didn't like immediately run
towards that until
I got to retool and actually retool a
ton of our customers came from financial
services. Um and you know from the
outside I think a lot of people think of
retooling and think startups but you
know retools is really attacking a lot
of this you know bigger market around
custom software and the places where
there's most custom internal tooling are
the businesses that are most
operationally intensive and financial
services firms are a lot of those
because they don't have a lot of great
software that's been built off the
shelves. And so what we were seeing is a
lot of like very large you know legacy
insurers um were using retool all the
way through to the most tech forward
ones you know had like the ethoses and
the vouchers you know those types of
businesses all the way through to
progressive and bircher halfway and
businesses like that at that point was
you know being in a forward deployed
engineering capacity you kind of get
this front row seat to seeing a lot of
the problems that that you know these
companies are are handling um was really
cool is a lot of times people would
build retail applications that would
actually help to streamline some of
their BO operations. And so I got to
sort of see a lot of the problems I
think you know my dad was also dealing
with in his business of you know policy
administration
uh claims submission intake you know a
lot of the core workflows that are
critical to insurance operations um and
at the time you know I think with
software you can make a little dent on
on BO spending you can make it like 10%
better um and I think that was like a
lot of the promise of you know OCR and
and RPA and some of these uh sort of
prior technologies ies. But what
happened after the chat GPT moment and
you know when I was lucky to be working
on a lot of retool AI and some of the
the new products coming out of retool
you saw this opportunity to now
completely change the economics of that
industry. Um and so instead of you know
augmenting outsource services with
software you could actually go and
completely replace the vertical service.
Um and so insurance is a particularly
good starting point for that because the
lingua frank of the industry is emails
and PDS.
>> Um and the main reason for that is there
are a lot of intermediary players and
there's no like common system on which
they all work. And so you know with the
lack of an API the sort of alternative
is you know email, PDFs, phone calls. Um
and so now you know AI agents really are
have the ability to kind of bridge that
gap. Um and so what gave rise to a lot
of BO work which was this sort of like
manual data entry handling of these
documents and emails um is now also
what's you know perfectly positioned
this for AI agents and so we see that as
a really good starting point within the
sort of opportunity to build the agentic
process outsourcer across many
industries longer term. So Jamie, how do
you build a better business than the
last generation of BPOS even though
you're taking over the same workflows
and a lot of the same spend that's going
on today? Yeah, people often ask like
kind of you know what keeps me up at
night and that's the main thing that's
that's the main thing that I keep the
main thing which is you know we
are very lucky right now to be getting
with you know lots of incredible
customers and you have this sort of
opportunity we could build you know a
very large company just you know being a
a BPO is you know there are multiple
tens of billions of dollar public
companies um that you know are running
at you know 10 15% gross margin with you
know tens to hundreds of thousands of
people doing this work and obviously
those are great businesses and um you
know except exceptional teams but for us
we think there's like a much much bigger
outcome and so when I actually talk with
our team about kind of what we're
shooting for that's like that's the
failure case uh so we you we build this
sort of multi-billion dollar BO but
don't change anything about the
economics of the industry. M
>> the goal of what we're going for is how
can we take that from you a 10% gross
margin business to an 80% gross margin
business where instead of having
hundreds of thousands of people it's
hundreds of thousands of AI agents and a
small team of insurance experts. Um and
so that you know I think is a much much
larger company. Um and then I think the
last step uh is how do we do that not
just in one vertical but across many
verticals. And so those are the two
things I think about and I think people
say like okay you know push gross
margins to later or it's not that
important or you know I think people
have a lot of perspectives on gross
margins. I think it is important um and
I don't think it's important to
necessarily have from from day one but
you need to have a path to it. And you
know people talk a lot about flywheels
and the flywheel that we want to create
is every time we're making improvements
in the product the gross margins go up.
Um, and so that's the big thing that I
think we're we're pushing on is, you
know, even if we're lower gross margin
today, as we take on harder and more
complex tasks, how are we just
constantly seeing that number shift up
over time?
>> As you're building with agents and
starting to plug into these email and
document processing workflows, I'm
curious what you're seeing is working in
practice. We've talked to folks from
OpenAI here. We're doing fine-tuning.
They have all the data. They have this
amazing infrastructure. We've seen
companies um with much lighter processes
on the back end. What actually works for
you in practice?
>> Yeah. So
a lot of the types of workflows that we
focus on are these sort of like
missionritical processes that are you
know have been outsourced and so they
want you to do that work sort of end to
end. And so I think you know the the
prior generation preI when you're
tackling these problems yes like
extracting data from unstructured
documents is great but it's sort of just
like one part of the problem. It's
extracting it you know it's maybe
reasoning over that applying the sort of
human judgment and then it's also being
able to sort of write back into those
internal systems and really sort of
solving what previously could only have
been done with humans. One way you could
think about this is, hey, let's build
one of these sort of like workflow
DAG kind of builders and sort of infuse
sort of AI nodes in different places
where you're like, okay, now we can do,
you know, document extraction or we can
do an email sending back and forth or
something like that. Part of the reason
that, you know, BO work exists is it was
so hard to codify that work
deterministically. And the reason is
there was this sort of human judgment
component and lots of edge cases that
came came up. And I think if you sort of
try to shoehorn an AI into these like
tiny little boxes and then you add, you
know, kind of this code layer around it,
you're sort of missing the point of what
can be done with AI today. Uh I think
that's actually like if that product
stance is actually like relatively short
on AI. Um, I think if you build, you
know, for the ability for these AI
agents to take any standard operating
procedure and be able to uh uh run that
process end to end, that's the direction
that we're sort of taking at at pace.
>> So, do you have a human in the loop
right now or no?
>> So, for the vast majority of our of our
workflows, there's no human in the loop.
Um, it's AI processing end to end. We do
have our own operations team um that
we're building out for sort of the most
complex workflows and kind of the the
way we see that sort of like role of
human in the loop is you we have our
operations team to do it. We can
escalate to our customers but primarily
where that is used is in the onboarding
process. Um, so as we're sort of getting
customers up and running, we basically
want to be able to just label a bunch of
examples and make sure that the agent is
doing this, you know, at, you know,
starting out of the box is, you know,
maybe 90% accuracy and then how do we
get it up to, you know, the 99.5% plus
that, you know, our customers require to
be in, you know, critical um, in these
critical workflows. Um, and so that's
sort of where we see this sort of human
labeling component and then a
self-improvement loop that sort of helps
us get there. And then over time, we
just sort of reduce the amount of human
in the loop there and move that sort of
operations team to work on the next most
difficult task.
>> So when you engage with an insurance
carrier and they have x number of
workflows that they're currently
outsourcing or that could be outsourced
to some sort of traditional insurance bo
I presume you can't do all of them
today. Yeah, pretty amazing. If you
could
>> which can you do today and and how do
you engage such that you kind of pick
off the workflows that are sort of
really applicable to AI today and then
how do you sort of grow over time to
take up more of those workflows?
>> So we tend to focus on the use cases
that are one already really nicely
outsourced. So they have to already be
using a BO at scale. The reason for that
is it's already codified as a standard
operating procedure. there's already a
way to um check for accuracy because you
know this is already being reviewed
usually by someone uh internally or at
least sort of like QA on a sampling
basis. The last part is sort of as you
think about the change management it's
much easier to sort of spin down a BO
service than it is to sort of retrain or
move a W2 workforce. So we start with
operations team BO the large carrier. we
tend to focus on the most uh high volume
use cases uh where we think there's the
biggest ROI. So you just look at kind of
the line item for BO where are they sort
of spending the most and where can they
get the most ROI from AI?
>> Usually what that means is we start at
the very top of the funnel. So
submission intake where they're getting
in new risk extracting that data
>> running their business logic over it and
then writing back into their own you
know new business underwriting
platforms. The same uh can happen also
on the claim side. So first notice of
loss or claims intake getting that
information into their internal systems.
And then once you do that you know
customers ask you to sort of work down
the policy servicing life cycle and to
you know endorsement processing and
other policy administration tasks all
the way through to billing and on the
claim side the same thing you know from
claims intake all the way through to
payout and quality assurance. So that's
usually the path we take. What's a
typical before and after situation? You
know, human EPO and then pace AI BO like
what what sort of what sort of metrics
change, you know, when they go from
before and after?
>> Yeah. So, it's interesting in the the
BPO world. I think a lot of where you
start is okay there's a new technology
that can now help me save a lot of my
costs and um you know with come VPOS's I
think you know the MPS is quite low and
it's a massive line item you know for a
lot of our customers you know eight
figures plus of spend and because it
starts oftent times with with cost and
that's big and you know for for some of
our customers we've been able to achieve
you know 50 to 75% cost savings um you
know in a very short period of time
working with them. Um but usually what
happens after that is they realize that
there are a number of other things that
are actually much more important to
them. Um and usually it's a things that
previously just couldn't be done with
BPOS that now with sort of AI working at
superhuman speeds you now have this sort
of capability to to do. So, uh, an
example of that is, you know, if you
think about a submission intake process,
usually, uh, that carrier that's
receiving that submission is not the
only one that's receiving it. And so, if
you can get back much faster, you can
actually close business faster.
>> Same thing, uh, you we think about
scalability. So, like, you know, around
uh, BO work is not just kind of like,
you know, perfectly uh, linear over the
course of the year. It's highly
seasonal. So you can think like a gen
one enrollment period or you know
hurricane season like we're in right
now. Um and so you know if there's a
massive spike of hurricane claims you
have to go and spin up a bunch of other
BO uh you know workforce to do that
work. And now you can have AI sort of
working for you 247 to just crank
through that backlog before it even
becomes a backlog. Um so those are a few
of them. And then I'd say the last thing
is sort of observability which is a lot
of this BPO work in the past has been
sort of a black box. it was very hard to
see kind of like what was getting done,
what stage, you know, each task was in,
where the bottlenecks might be. And some
of this is sort of just like good
oldfashioned software workflows, which
is, you know, now that you're sort of
able to do this work with agents and
sort of be able to literally see exactly
the task is taking and the reasoning and
the why is you can now surface a lot of
that information back to customers such
they can actually redesign their
workflows, not just do the same stuff
that they were doing with their VP.
I'm curious as you work with these
massive companies with these
missionritical like core business
workflows such as processing claims or
payouts. What does it take to actually
help them succeed? Like on our end we
see studies from MIT saying 95% of AI
pilots fail and then we also see our
portfolio companies not failing. What do
you see and how do you make sure that
you see a lot of companies not failing?
>> Yes. Exactly.
>> Yeah. You know, I think the 95% number I
think, you know, hit the headlines and
everyone like, "Oh my gosh, like what's
going on?" Um, you know, I think the the
truth is is definitely that getting AI
working in production is not like, you
know, a a done deal when you walk in. Um
and there are certainly like you know
challenges that um you know we've seen
across the industry of like you know
other vendors or or building in house um
where you know they haven't been
successful and so for us what we we
really focus on is one of our core
values of the company is closing a
distance
>> um and we've been lucky that every
single one of our pilots has been 100%
successful um and going through to
production
>> um and I'm very proud of that.
>> Yeah. How did how did you pull that off?
That's not normal.
>> Yeah, I think the main thing is we
really believe in in forward deployed
engineering. Um, so
uh you know I think that might be a
little hot take and I'd be curious for
your thoughts on this but you know my
thoughts on this.
You know, I think we're just taking, you
know, you talked uh the other day about
kind of like
technology out versus customer back and
we're just very much taking the customer
back um point of view. You know, when
we're going in there, we're going in
with on-site with our customers, we're
flying to them. We we deeply understand
the insurance industry and we are only
focused on these workflows. We have, you
know, a ton of insurance experience on
our team. And so that immediately as we
go into these customers and they they
talk to us and they're like, "Okay,
they're speaking our language. They
understand what we're doing." Um, but
the next thing is like we have to do the
hard work. And oftentimes that's doing
the hard work upfront, not necessarily
like, you know, once you're live in
production with your seven figure plus
contract. It's, you know, working with a
customer as a partnership to prove out
that this can work. And this is even
more important in AI where people, you
know, there were a lot of, you know, uh,
exciting demos early on that maybe
didn't pan out. And so, you know, we
focus on with our customers just really
helping them get to value and get to
something in production as quickly as
possible. So what that means is for our
forward deployed engineering team um
this is a team I was really lucky to
build out at retool and I think at the
time deployed engineering you know after
me palunteer like reto had maybe one of
the most like scale deployed engineering
teams and the profile that really really
works for for deployed engineering is
basically former founders um
>> so it's like engineers that want to be
commercial or commercial people that are
technical and the critical thing is just
do whatever ever takes to make the
customer successful. So it's
understanding the use case. It's helping
them when you when they need help with
an AI model, we help them prompt tune
and make that successful. It's diving
into the operations data and figuring
out how to create a really clean eval
set for them. It's helping them get
integrated into their internal systems.
And it's all the sort of like hard work
uh that actually makes these these
pilots successful. Um,
>> how do you, one thing I'm curious about
because we've seen this in a bunch of
the other kind of domain focused AI
application companies. Do you hire AI
people and teach them insurance? Do you
hire insurance people and teach them AI?
Do you just hire athletes and, you know,
they learn as they go? How do you think
about sort of the the kind of the
intersection of the technical skills,
the domain knowledge? What do you look
for? Yeah, I think the critical thing is
you got to hire both on the team and you
know sit them really closely together
alongside your customers and and and
that way you kind of like get this
constellation approach where everyone
kind of like learns from each other. Um,
you know, for us like that means hiring
people, you know, directly from the
insurance industry that have worked on,
you know, exactly these sort of mission
critical operations at, you know, top
five carriers at scale. Uh, and then
sitting them right next to, you know, a
uh, you former YC founder that has, you
know, worked on, you know, an AI company
that is like at the cutting edge of, you
know, building AI agents and then them
kind of like
coming together to get this done for the
customer. Um, so I think it's sort of
that our experience has been there's not
that many people that are already, you
know, ramped up on AI agents and then,
you know, in the insurance world, we've
been lucky to find some, you know,
incredibly forward thinking people that
are excited about helping usher in this
change. I think part of that is, you
know, people resonate with the thesis of
many have worked in kind of like the BO
world and they see, okay, like this is
where this is where the world is going.
And uh I've been super super impressed
by people that we've been able to get
from both of those backgrounds and their
ability to pick this up really really
quickly um to sort of get the full set
of skills you need. And back back on the
topic of Ford deployed engineers. Yeah.
>> Is that a temporary phenomenon because
the capabilities coming out of the AI
world are not quite there in terms of
what we need to deliver a full reliable
solution to customers or do you think 10
years from now you guys still have four
deployed engineers on every account?
>> Yeah, I think I need to uh I'll answer
this. I'll I'll flip the script to you
of uh some of your thoughts. Um, so I
actually think that you and I both agree
on the end state. Um, and the short term
is I think you it's hard to go wrong
actually uh getting more and more
deployed engineers into working with our
customers. And the main reason is we
have this sort of
flywheel both within our customers of
helping them, you know, get successful
with the product and then going on to
larger and larger use cases. um you know
where we can really expand into this
sort of like very large set of budgets
that they have around BPO spend. And
then the same thing um we have a
flywheel sort of internally which is you
know our our for deployed engineers
can work inside of our product and work
with our customers but they can also
ship code
>> uh and code into the brush codebase and
they do and so that's something we like
test the interview you know at the
on-site and then you know throughout
their work
>> and so what's really important is you
have this just like very very tight
feedback loop of working with the
customer and you see some issue and then
you immediately go back and fix it. It's
not like I create this ticket and I pass
it to somebody else who maybe does it
and then maybe I get it back to the
customer. It's just so you get that done
really really quickly. And so what
should happen over time or we're already
seeing is deployment times are going
down. The amount of work that deployed
engineers are doing is becoming much
much higher leverage because we're sort
of pushing that back into software
workflows. So in the short term I'm like
very pro continuing to build with our
customers and build early with for
deployed engineering but I agree with
you that I think the long term is you
like software codified workflows is
ideal right you know we enable our
customers to build inside of our product
you know and and it's not all just for
deployed le you know we maybe get the
first one or two up and running and we
have customers where we've turned around
and now they have nine 10 in production
uh because you know they have a business
analyst that has just been kind like
building out additional workflows.
>> Yeah.
>> And so that's very much you the way that
we think about building the product.
>> And I think the critical thing is when
you think about a team, you got to make
sure that like kind of the layers and
where you're investing in the team match
up with that. So if your forward
deployed engineering team is like this
and your engineering team is like this,
you're going to have kind of a problem
where you're not actually like really
really investing in the product. for us
right now you know uh
basically 80% of our team is engineering
and then we have four deployed
engineering at the very top we have this
go to market team um and I think as long
as you keep that in balance we're going
to be able to really get that flywheel
going
>> um but yeah I think the timelines is
maybe kind of like the big thing that
I'd be curious your thoughts on which is
sort of
>> for me I think it's okay for us to
continue doing this for a long period of
time is it just makes our customers
successful and And you know, maybe we
can check back in, you know, 10 years as
we're going public. I actually think
it's a great story to have in the public
markets of seeing you've got this big
forward deployed engineering team and
you're just constantly figuring out how
to make them higher and higher leverage
so they can do more and more. So
>> yeah, I think we're pretty well aligned
on this. You know, our observation on
this market has been maybe to overstate
it a bit. If you think about bottoms up
distribution versus top down
distribution as two ends of the
spectrum, you kind of want to be pegged
out at one end or the other. You don't
want to be stuck in the middle. You
know, bottoms up chat GPT is a bottoms
up distribution product. Open evidence
is a bottoms up distribution product.
Like these are not comprehensive
solutions, but they are wonderful tools
that people see and they love and they
figure out what to do with. And I think
on the top down end of the spectrum, you
know, Harvey is a solution for loss.
Sierra is a solution for customer
communications. You guys are a solution
for insurance, right? And I think if
you're going to go the solution route,
we're at a moment in time in this market
where the thing that you're selling to
your customers is kind of trust as much
as anything else. Like they can see the
magic of AI. They want to believe in the
potential, but they can also see the
issues and they can see where it can go
wrong. And I think the role that you
guys or Harvey or Sierra plays in some
ways is just saying, "Hey, trust us.
We're going to make sure you're good,
right? Like we're going to make sure
that this new world of AI is to your
benefit, you know, and it's going to
make your business better and we're
going to do whatever it takes to make
that happen." Y
>> and so I think I think Ford deploys
engineers in that context, you know, not
only like really helps to give the
customers confidence to your point, it
also creates that feedback loop into the
organization so that you're not
theorizing as to what problems you can
go solve, you're actually there where
the rubber meets the road and and
constantly like going deeper and deeper
and deeper into their workflows.
>> Yeah, I think that's spot on. The trust
point is so important also particularly
in our industry. I mean, insurance is
sort of like the business of trust, you
know.
>> Yeah. We have a one of our other values
is be the rock which is basically like
our customers are there.
>> Be the rock or be the rock.
>> Be the rock. Okay,
>> got it. Um, be the rock. And basically
the the idea there is like our customers
are there for their customers. They're
insured on their hardest days and we are
there for our customers every single
day. Um, and that's what we that's what
we want to do. Love it. And uh you know
this industry is like the industry is
built around trust. I think a lot of
what we think about is
working with like the most trusted
brands the very very top insurers or the
top end of the market building that
brand of trust and credibility and the
results that speak for themselves and
then you know looking to you know expand
through through the market. I think
similar to you know Sierra and Harvey
and a number of other companies have
done that really really well which is
you go and work with the top top
customers in that industry where you can
get you know they have the highest
volumes they have the highest ROI
they're the ones that stand the most to
gain make them really successful and
then the product sort of speaks for
itself as you go to your next set of
customers.
>> We've gotten two values out of you so
far. We got close the gap and be the
rock. What else? What are the other
company values? So we're two for two on
good ones. What else do you have?
We only have one more. Okay. Um,
>> keep them short. Uh, the last one is uh
my favorite, which is set the pace. Um,
>> so, uh, you know, you both know me
really well and, uh, I think, uh, I have
like a
pretty high level of like urgency and
playing, maybe impatience at times,
maybe just like, you know, uh, uh, I
just feel, we feel very, very lucky to
be in the position that we're in. I
mean, it is such an amazing time to be
building a business. Uh, I'm sure you
all see this from your vantage point as
well, to be investing in businesses as
well. And we are so lucky to be working
with the companies that that we're
working with and to be you know charting
this path and uh you know I think it's
it's ours to go and and and make this
future reality and so I feel set the
pace really encapsulates that um you
know the goal naming the company pace
it's all about speed and that's a lot of
the value that our customers are seeing
but it's also what we want internally
and then I think it's also a it's sort
of intentional it's like this step a
pace towards like kind of our our bigger
mission. Um, and we're moving as fast as
we can to get there.
>> Nice.
>> Tell us about that bigger mission. I'm
curious where you go once you've gone
deep in insurance. There's a lot of room
to expand, but your your ambitions are
much bigger than that.
>> Yeah. And maybe it starts actually when
I was lucky to be an intern here. Um,
one thing I learned that summer was that
uh Andrew Reed, his favorite company is
Constellation Software. I don't know if
that's hopefully that's still the case.
>> I'm pretty sure technically we'd have to
say that his favorite company is Figma.
>> Figma. Yeah. Okay.
>> Or Robin Hood or CLA or you know
>> we can uh we can rerun this to say his
favorite nonsequoia portfolio company in
the public market. not investment advice
is constellation.
up. Um
and uh so uh for those who don't know
about constellation and I think what is
really really exciting about that
company um you know until actually I
think last week was you know run by this
incredible founder Mark Leonard uh who
built this company for 30 years and his
vantage point was let's build a business
that can span many many different
verticals and what they did in software
ware was basically aggregate all of
these niche vertical industries that in
and of themselves were not you know
scaled enough to to be sort of like
legendary long-term businesses but at
scale in a sort of federated model that
they have is an incredible business
that's you know compounded massively
over the last couple of decades in the
public markets to I think one of the
largest companies in Canada you know
like 70 80 billion dollars and there's
this really interesting opportunity
right now to do kind of the same thing
that was done in software but for the
services market.
>> Um you know as as we've talked about the
services market is like orders of
magnitude larger and so if you look at
BO spend uh BO spend in just banking
financial services insurance which is
sort of the markets that we see
immediately in front of us um is about
400 billion a little bit under 400
billion
>> about the same as global cloud software
>> every year.
>> Yeah. 70 billion of that in insurance
and basically have the full BFSI BO
spend the same as like all cloud
software. And so you know if we can be a
platform on which you can aggregate all
of these niche vertical services across
BFSI and maybe beyond longer term there
is just a huge opportunity there and I
think the most interesting opportunity
is that it's not just about aggregating
them it is also about transforming the
economics of the industry. Yeah. Yeah.
This is one of the things that I think
is interesting about about PACE or other
kind of domain specific application
layer AI companies is a lot of the
markets that people are going into are
are like sneaky big,
>> you know, much bigger than you might
realize because they're not household
names. They're not B2B SAS products,
right?
>> Um the other thing that I think is
interesting, and you alluded to this
earlier, but um I just want to hit on it
again. Um this idea of going after the
BO spend, right? You have a clean
interface with your customer because
there's already an interface between the
customer and the BPO. You have um
concretely defined objectives because
they have to define those to be able to
interact with the BPO. You sort of have
built-in eval because when that work
comes back, they're checking it somehow
to make sure that it's actually right.
And a lot of times they're doing, you
know, champion challenger models with
different BPOS. Yep. And so I feel like
this interface that you found, it's not
just the it's not just that the services
spend is big. It's also that the sort of
the route to market that you've chosen
with the BO interface is also like a
really clean way to do it. And I think
that that strikes me as an important
aspect of what you're building too.
>> Yeah, I think that's exactly right. I
mean I think a lot of our customers are
really tuned into the fact that AI has
this opportunity to dramatically
transform their business particularly in
areas where there is this high volume of
highly repetitive tasks that require you
know human judgment. you look at your BO
and that's exactly where that is and the
fact that there's already the standard
operating procedures that we can model
in our product and then you know the
ability to
do the accuracy checking of the built-in
eval
also do the change management afterwards
much faster so that customers can really
get you know hard cost savings hard ROI
savings is really great and then it's
also helpful you know as we go to market
with our customers is that there's a
baseline in place And you know
transparently sometimes that baseline is
not as high as we think it you know
should be. Um you know the the average
accuracy rates in um APOS is like you're
making 5 to 10% error rates. And that's
like that's you know kind of where I
think most people feel it is. But for
some of our customers we've seen it's
actually like much much higher. And the
main reason is like if you're doing, you
know, when people talk about accuracy,
you know, with AI, they're usually like,
okay, is the can the AI be as accurate
as a human? We think in some a lot of
the use cases we're working on, it could
be way more accurate.
>> Yeah.
>> And the reason is so like let's say
you're doing like a claims QA or a
policy QA, you've got a 300page
document, you know, maybe this big
claims file and you've got like hundreds
of rules.
>> Yeah. And you know, if you're looking at
this thing at, you know, the 15th on a
Friday and you're trying to figure out,
okay, how do I apply these like hundred
rules to this policy document, you know,
that's that's a really hard task for any
any person to do. And chances are you're
going to miss some, you know, on page
of this, you know, 100page rule list.
And that's something that AI is really,
really good at and can do that same
thing, you know, at the same quality
every single time. And so the
consistency you can have, you can really
scale your best BPO rep. That's I think
they kind of like promise.
>> Yeah. I think anybody who's ridden a
Whimo in San Francisco, you know,
appreciates the benefit of like a driver
that always has perfect attention, has
seen every corner case a million times,
you know, like I think that we have the
existence proof that a properly trained
AI can do a lot of jobs better than most
people. And I think applying that to all
these other verticals makes sense.
>> Tell us a little about what it looks
like concretely when you're on site with
a customer. like what are some of the
things that you're hearing from them?
What how do you get implemented and then
what are the metrics that you track to
at the end to make sure that you were
successful? Like we've talked at a high
level. I'm curious just to get some
specific examples.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Um so a lot of our uh
engagements start with you know we
usually start with kind of the the
office of the COO. So really
understanding, you know, where do they
is the opportunity for AI and coming
together on some sort of I hesitate to
say proof of concept because I actually
think like PC's are not really you kind
of get this bad rap and they're not
really the right thing to do in AI. It's
basically just like get them to success
as quickly as you can. And so what we
focus on is like it's not like on dummy
or demo data. It's like how can we
actually go in and and make them
successful. So we pick something to work
on and then uh what's really critical is
you define the success criteria up front
which is like where do we want to get to
and sometimes like you know we encourage
customers to give us like their hardest
success criteria like we we want to show
them that like you know we feel
confident in our product and and uh
we're up for that challenge. Um
>> and so to find us success criteria up
front is really really important. Um,
and then it's really about like having
this great partnership and we're super
lucky with that with a lot of our
customers is you can just we fly on
site. We work with them. We we take in
their st existing standard operating
procedures and these are usually like
these documents that are, you know, 50
to 100 pages long. They have like 60
different steps and it's like, you know,
there'll be like a highlight in this
document of like you got to get this
thing out from here and then you got to
enter it into this like admin panel and
there'll be a little like red box around
it. Like it's crazy. Like are there are
there like shadow SOPs? So like if you
just implemented the standard operating
procedures exactly as they're given to
you, would that actually give them what
they want or are there kind of like
>> shadow rules that are not codified in
the document that you would figure out
over time? Like people are actually
doing things a little bit different than
what the procedures say.
>> Yeah. So I think we're lucky that
because we work mostly on BPO workflows,
they had to be like pretty well codified
because like you know you got to hand
these off to folks, but there is always
a little bit of gap there. And that's
part of what when you close the distance
to the customer, you like figure that
out really quickly.
>> Going back to it, basically we take
these standard operating procedures, we
get them into our what we call agent
operating procedures. And so in our
product that means is there's sort of
it's almost like a notionlike document
where you can basically write out all
the steps that you're that you need to
do in natural language and then use
various different tools along the way
that are spec you know enable these
agents to do everything that they would
need to do in the insurance industry. So
a good example is you know we have a lot
of tooling for long context retrieval
and extracting information from uh you
know really really challenging uh
document sets. Um we have a tool for you
know doing human reasoning over lots of
rules. We have a tool for you know
writing back into a lot of the sort of
like mission critical vertical uh
systems of record. And then similarly a
lot of you know our customers deal with
systems that don't have APIs. Um either
they haven't built been built out yet or
you know they might not even own that
end system because it's you know some
some intermediary. Um think like a
broker working with a carrier portal.
And there you know we actually just use
web agents to be able to sort of write
back to this. And so that's the critical
part that I think a lot of the the FD
work drives is like building out these
these tools with our customers to make
them uh to be able to get these these
agents live. And the critical thing is
sort of doing whatever it takes to get
them live. And you know, if there's the
AP if there's an API, we'll use the API.
If there isn't, we're going to use the
web agents. We're going to make them
successful. Um and then the last thing
is sort of getting live into production
from there. And so, you know, we've been
been lucky with a lot of our customers.
We've been, you know, we're working on
again in the context of their most
mission critical use cases. A lot of
cases, we have been their fastest
company ever to PSC and their fastest
company ever to production.
>> That's been awesome to see.
>> That's just going on site and spending
time with them.
>> As you build these agent workflows,
technologies come a long way over the
last even 12 months here, but I'm
curious what's on your wish list for
things that you wish were easier or what
you want to come next.
>> Yeah. Um,
you know, I think we're we've definitely
like benefited a ton from the the
scaling curve of of reasoning models.
Um, particularly for our kind of very
complex documents that we we handle and
that is, you know, not 100% solved
problem, but for us a lot of the
document attraction stuff we are able to
get, you know, much better than human
reliability. The next frontier I think
really for us is is is web agents. Um
and so yeah, for any folks listening
from the big labs here, we'd love uh the
best possible web agents, please send
them our way. Uh we are really really
lucky to, you know, be a company I think
is running a lot of those workflows and
has a lot of really great use cases in
insurance. It's sort of like the
canonical kind of like task is you're
basically doing CRUD operations on
insurance admin panels. M I'll be honest
they look very different from like
booking a restaurant or booking a flight
or a lot of the sort of like web agent
demos that we see and so a lot of our
work is just making those successful so
web agents would be really great and I
think the last one is sort of thinking
about
uh longer terms so the opportunity for
RL and reinforcement fine-tuning in what
we do um because of the way that we've
structured our product and because we
are you know long AI and what it can do
um longer term, you know, our our
product is set up in a way where it's
not sort of this workflow diagram
builder which where you know the AI
agent only has context for you know that
individual block that it's in and you
would never you know the
the analogy I draw here is like if you
had your best you know person on your
team you're not going to like put them
in this in this box and be like okay you
need to categorize you know these
documents and not have any sense of what
happened before or after in the
workflow.
And so what we've really built into the
product is the AI being able to make the
decisions end to end and follow these
these agent operating procedures. And so
what that means longer term is it really
sets us up well to benefit a lot from
RL. Um because the agents are are
working from input all the way through
to output in a way that is highly
gradable where you can see kind of the
accuracy of of the work that's being
done. there's an expected output that
you can grade against and create a
reward function. It makes it very very
easy to uh to actually do RL for each of
these individual workflows for our
individual customer at scale. And so I
think if you think about kind of the
long term of the product, it's not
codifying all this stuff into
determinism to try to make the agent
successful. it's really giving the agent
sort of this perfectly modeled world
that it can work in and being able to do
sort of RO on end to end um across all
the tool calls. And so I think that's
one of the big wish lists um and sort of
areas that we see the world going.
>> What has surprised you about building
with AI or what advice would you have
for other founders who are building in
AI or thinking about doing so? I
>> think two things have surprised me. One
is how much fun it is. I mean this is
like such a great time to be building
and there's all this stuff you people
talk about being able to build faster
with AI and certainly that's the case
you know we're lucky we use a lot you
know the cursors and cloud codes and
codeexes that help our team be really
really successful but even more than
that there's all this stuff that was
like really hard to codify in software
>> that is now really like easy to codify
with LM
>> u and so like we've been able to just
build workflows that like traditionally
I think would have taken you know
decades to build the software and all
the sort of knobs and dials and
requirements to sort of get those live
in production because you can offload a
lot of that to the agent.
>> Uh so it's a really fun time to be
building. Um
the second thing I think it's really
really important uh and maybe it's some
advice for founders is to go be a
forward deployed engineer
and ideally come do a pace but I really
do think that is like the best training
ground for
uh for becoming a founder because you go
and spend a lot of time with customers
you see you know their problems and you
help them get it into production and
that's you know really at companies like
you're either building or you're selling
and for deploy deployed engineers should
you do both. Um, so that's my that's my
big advice. If you're thinking about
starting a company, it will get you
close to problems. It'll get you working
on the right stuff and you'll build the
right skill sets to to build the
company.
>> I was very lucky without a retool. I
think uh, you know, I was very
fortunate. I think both David uh Sher,
our CEO, and Brian Shrier, uh who's
lucky we're lucky to be working with
again on Pace, uh really
were
very kind to sort of take a big bet on
me um early on at at Retool to sort of
figure out how do we build out our our
post sales motion? How do we take a lot
of our new products, you know, from zero
to 100? And
uh I think that really really set me up
to start a company in a way where you
know the it is it's never easy but it
has felt much much more tractable this
time than the first time I started a
company. And I think that is yeah I'm
very very grateful for that. Um and I I
encourage other folks to sort of like
find that that that path and find people
like that that will kind of um uh back
you again and again and um yeah feel
very fortunate for that.
>> Awesome.
Shall we do some hot takes?
>> Let's do it.
>> Okay. What was your hot take from
interning at Sequoia? What did you
learn?
>> Other than Andrew Reed's love of
constellations.
>> Um, I'm not sure if you remember this
one, Pat, but we were out on the, you
know, like the back patio in the 2800
office, and I think you asked me a
similar question, which was sort of,
what did you find most surprising about
Sequoia? And
uh my answer then is still my answer
today. Uh which is uh Sequoia is a place
that has benefited an incredible amount
of success, but no one ever rests on
their laurels here. Uh we were very
lucky to be incubated out of Sequoa's
office in in New York. And every time
you walk out of the elevators, there's
this sort of graphic that's going on on
the screen there that says we're only as
good as our next investment.
And it's awesome. Like I I just love
that mentality. And I think that's like
one thing that should permeates also
over to our culture at Pace is just
like, you know, every quarter you're set
back to zero. Every new customer, you
got to make them successful. I mean,
they care that you've done this in the
past, but like you're really meant to,
you know, like you got to make them
successful. And so, you know, you're
only as good as your next customer.
>> Love it. Love it.
>> All right. Company number two. What are
you doing differently this time?
>> I think there's a couple of learnings.
um that I think have been pretty
critical this time and there's a couple
things we've done the same which
>> great
>> were also great. Um so one of the ones
that um I feel like I was very lucky to
learn at RTOL is one of Retool's values
was Retool as a business. Um and
basically you know retool was very
focused on delivering value for our
customers and revenue and I think we
take a very similar perspective which is
you know there's a lot of things you can
do when you're starting a company and a
lot of them are kind of distractions. M
>> um you know like
most times fundraising distraction most
times like um you know uh working with
like I don't know employers or sitting
at the office or whatever a lot of these
things can be like kind of retraction
like you want to make them run but you
want to be spending as much as time as
possible working with your customer and
so that's like one of my biggest
takeaways is just go and you can't spend
too much time on that uh working with
your customer, making them successful
and focusing on moving the metrics that
really matter, which is revenue growth,
gross margins, a lot of the things that
we think a lot about. Um,
I think the other big thing is who you
work with. Um, and uh,
I was incredibly lucky in my last
company, I have an amazing co-founder.
Um, and this time, uh, with Pace, I
actually started the company as a solo
founder and have this incredible team
that we've been able to build. And it
was one one interesting thing. This is a
hot take. Uh people like really or
there's like a sentiment that I think
people don't really like solo founders
generally seeking as like a as like an
investment. And I actually think that
makes complete sense when you're at the
very early stages, you know, the sort of
like existential stages of a company
because you you know makes a lot of
sense to have a co-founder there to like
help you through, you know, wandering
the desert or whatever and making making
the company successful. Um and very
thankful to my co-founder for that. my
last company. But
once you have figured out exact you know
where you're going and it's all
execution risk like for pace everything
is execution risk now like it's so clear
what we're doing it's just executing
>> uh you there are a lot of benefits of of
starting a company solar founder and the
team that you can build. So we've been
super lucky. Um you know our first
engineer was like Rachel's second
engineer got Yogi. Second hire was um uh
also in the Sequoia portfolio. Luis who
was head of corporate engineering at
Loom and both of them and all also our
broader team you they take on a lot of
the roles that uh in the sort of
capacity that I think traditionally
might have been kind of just a
conversation with like a co-founder
where you don't actually like involve
the team. So like a lot of our team was
involved in you know shaping our values.
A lot of the team is involved in uh
critical go to market hires. A lot of
our team is involved in product
decision-m that might traditionally have
just been made by by co-founders. I
think it actually lets you hire a much
much stronger team and build a a
stronger culture.
>> And the last thing that we definitely
kept the same is working uh working with
Sequoa and working with uh with Ryan you
Lauren has been fantastic and I'm very
very thankful for that. I think one of
the amazing things is being able to work
with a partner that has known you
almost, you know, over a decade. Um, you
know, I was lucky to meet Brian when I
was still in college. Uh, and I think,
you know, this this is kind of a funny
story how how we met was, uh, Brian gave
this talk and the talk was basically
about how uh, like mentoring and, uh,
how to sort of like build these sort of
great mentor relationships. I think his
advice was basically like lead with
value and then you'll figure out kind of
like how to um how to go from there like
kind of giving up front basically. And I
think at the time he dropped this like
small Easter egg of hey I'm actually
going to the Princeton campus to talk
with the uh like the Princeton president
about you know entrepreneurship on on
campus and I'd love to know what to say.
And so you know I kind of was like
interesting. I think I could probably
help with that. So, I pulled an all
nighter and basically sent him this like
20-page report of, you know, here's
where we think where I think, you know,
Princeton entrepreneurship could uh
could use your help. And that became,
you know, a lot of what, you know, he's
since seen basically every step of my
career along the way. Um, you know, from
from Zoya to starting my first company
to Retool and going to many board
meetings where I learned a ton from him.
Um, all the way through to starting this
company. and to be able to have amazing
partners like like like Brian like you
Lauren where we can you have a
really strong sort of board uh
relationship where it's sort of almost
feels like that sort of like co-founder
relationship where much like in the
trenches together I think is incredibly
unique to me and I think makes uh Pace a
much stronger company because of it.
>> Thank you for joining the show. It's
been amazing to have you and hear the
full story behind Pace that's just
beginning.
>> Thank you for having me. This is a
blast.